welcome to the money GPS this is your
market recap let's begin with the
Canadian currency appreciating against
the US dollar you can see that this has
been a trend over the past few days and
this is twofold
you had the Canadian central bank
increasing interest rates as well as the
fact that the US dollar has been
depreciating against other currencies so
this is two factors affecting the price
right now looking at the US markets the
Dow Jones is sitting at twenty-one seven
ninety seven the S&P 500 2461 and the
Nasdaq at sixty three sixty looking at
the crypto world you can see that there
is massive bloodshed that has been
occurring here today
Bitcoin down six point seven nine
percent it is sitting at forty to eighty
seven etherium at just shy of three
hundred this is after a few days of
volatility the price has been up and
down and today just happens to be in the
red gold and silver right here gold
13:46 silver 1796 and this has been some
seen some easing that has taken place
within these markets here after tensions
apparently are not so much of a problem
anymore all of a sudden so there's the
price and you've seen the US Dethklok
org something I like to cover very often
when you can see the US totaled that at
67 trillion dollars you know that this
will never ever be paid back if you
found this video informative please give
me a thumbs up and don't forget to hit
that subscribe button when you subscribe
you get notified of all my videos so
please do so I post on here every single
day and I hope to see you back soon take
care